README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋

I'm MRegirouard (also known as eta357) and I'm a high school student and programmer. I've been writing code for almost 9 years.

- 🔭 I’m currently working on several projects, including a few Discord bots, an NFT collection comprised of randomly generated monkeys, a chess AI, a quiz bowl scoring assitant, and more!
- 🌱 I’m currently learning about SQL and NFT's.
- 🎵 I also enjoy playing the piano, graphic designing, and flying my drone.
- ⚡ Fun Fact: I am an early investor in ELONGATE 🚀

<h2>Languages I Use:</h2>
<br>
<div id="banner" style="overflow: hidden;justify-content:space-around;">
  <img height="40" alt="Node.js" title="Node.js" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/nodejs/nodejs.png">
  <img height="40" alt="Java" title="Java" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46038297/127184035-6048a80f-6576-4c01-a90d-8d856a7fd1c4.png">
  <img height="40" alt="Bash" title="Bash" src="https://styles.redditmedia.com/t5_2qh2d/styles/communityIcon_xagsn9nsaih61.png?width=256&s=1e4cf3a17c94aecf9c127cef47bb259162283a38">
  <img height="40" alt="Python" title="Python" src="https://img.icons8.com/color/452/python--v1.png">
  <img height="40" alt="SQL" title="SQL" src="https://static-00.iconduck.com/assets.00/sql-database-generic-icon-380x512-ez505zus.png">
  <img height="40" alt="C++" title="C++" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42747200/46140125-da084900-c26d-11e8-8ea7-c45ae6306309.png">
  <img height="40" alt="Processing" title="Processing" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2e/Processing_3_logo.png">
  <img height="40" alt="Assembly" title="Assembly" src="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/25/a8/5d/25a85d9e5057430d82273a3c75e73014.png">
 </div>
<br><br>

## Tools and Software I Use:
<br>
<div id="banner" style="overflow: hidden;justify-content:space-around;">
  <img height="40" alt="Ubuntu 20.04" title="Ubuntu 20.04" src="https://miro.medium.com/max/512/1*ZLVwDPb9UFXACsXy5LfO9Q.png">
  <img height="40" alt="Android" title="Android" src="https://1000logos.net/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/Android-Logo.png">
  <img height="40" alt="Discord" title="Discord" src="https://cdn4.iconfinder.com/data/icons/logos-and-brands/512/91_Discord_logo_logos-512.png">
  <img height="40" alt="Adobe Illustrator" title="Adobe Illustrator" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/fb/Adobe_Illustrator_CC_icon.svg/1200px-Adobe_Illustrator_CC_icon.svg.png">
    <img height="40" alt="Inkscape" title="Inkscape" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0e/Inkscape_logo_2.svg/1024px-Inkscape_logo_2.svg.png">
  <img height="40" alt="Eclipse" title="Eclipse" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11943860/46922575-7017cf80-cfe1-11e8-845a-0cd198fb546c.png">
  <img height="40" alt="Android Studio" title="Android Studio" src="https://drasite.com/content/img/icons/android-studio.svg">
  <img height="40" alt="Arduino" title="Arduino" src="https://cdn.iconscout.com/icon/free/png-256/arduino-226072.png">
  <img height="40" alt="VS Code" title="VS Code" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dhanishgajjar/vscode-icons/master/png/default_dark.png">
  <img height="40" alt="Raspberry Pi" title="Raspberry Pi" src="https://www.raspberrypi.org/app/uploads/2018/03/RPi-Logo-Reg-SCREEN.png">
  <img height="40" alt="Tensorflow" title="Tensorflow" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/2d/Tensorflow_logo.svg/1200px-Tensorflow_logo.svg.png">
  <img height="40" alt="VEX V5" title="VEX V5" src="https://www.vexrobotics.com/media/wysiwyg/V5Logo.png">
  <img height="40" alt="Lichess" title="Lichess" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6d/Lichess_Logo_2019.png">
  <img height="40" alt="Google" title="Google" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/53/Google_%22G%22_Logo.svg/1200px-Google_%22G%22_Logo.svg.png">
  <img height="30" alt="NPM" title="NPM" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/db/Npm-logo.svg/540px-Npm-logo.svg.png">
  <img height="40" alt="NASM" title="NASM" src="https://akash-nasm-tutorial.netlify.app/img/nasm-logo.png">
  <img height="40" alt="Blender" title="Blender" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0c/Blender_logo_no_text.svg/733px-Blender_logo_no_text.svg.png">
  <img height="40" alt="GitHub Copilot" title="GitHub Copilot" src="https://github.githubassets.com/images/icons/copilot/cp-head-square.png">
  <img height="40" alt="Qovery" title="Qovery" src="https://uploads-ssl.webflow.com/5de176bfd41c9b0a91bbb0a4/611449cdf061506c48ab8ade_qovery_square_new_logo.svg">
  <img height="40" alt="Twitter" title="Twitter" src="https://utilitypeopleuk.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/twitter-icon-circle-blue-logo-preview.png">
  <img height="40" alt="ClickUp" title="ClickUp" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46038297/136852763-8d055d3e-260c-4472-845b-980ac7dd77dd.png">
</div>
<br><br>

## My Stats (Made by [anuraghzra](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)):
<br><br>
<img align="center" height="180" width="450" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=MRegirouard&theme=dark&count_private=true">
<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=MRegirouard&theme=dark&layout=compact">

<a href="https://github.com/MRegirouard/MonkeyMenSite">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=MRegirouard&repo=MonkeyMenSite&theme=dark" />
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/MRegirouard/CountdownBot">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=MRegirouard&repo=CountdownBot&theme=dark" />
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/MRegirouard/AutoBoard-Website">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=MRegirouard&repo=AutoBoard-Website&theme=dark" />
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/MRegirouard/AutoBoard">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=MRegirouard&repo=AutoBoard&theme=dark" />
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/MRegirouard/TippingPoint">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=MRegirouard&repo=TippingPoint&theme=dark" />
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/MRegirouard/OpenSeaScripts">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=MRegirouard&repo=OpenSeaScripts&theme=dark" />
</a>

## My Computer
**OS:** Ubuntu 20.04.2 LTS x86_64 <br>
**Motherboard:** X8DT3 Server Board <br>
**CPU:** 2 \* Intel Xeon X5660 @ 2.80GHz (2 CPUs - 12 Cores - 24 Threads) <br>
**GPU:** NVIDIA GeForce GT 1030 <br>
**RAM:** 10 * 4GB DDR3 1066MHz <br>
**Displays:** GIGABYTE G27Q 27" 144Hz 1440P, HP 24mh FHD 1080p 75Hz <br>
**Storage:** 3 * 1TB HDD, 1 * 2TB HDD, 1 * 480 GB SSD <br>
             480GB RAID 1 Boot, 3 TB RAID 5 Storage, 520 GB Backup

## PGP Keys
View my public key on [keys.openpgp.org](https://keys.openpgp.org/search?q=232214942CB8AA56277B476E7BCDC36DFD11C146).

Commit message:

Add PGP.pub file and README message

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋

I'm MRegirouard (also known as eta357) and I'm a high school student and programmer. I've been writing code for almost 9 years.

- 🔭 I’m currently working on several projects, including a few Discord bots, an NFT collection comprised of randomly generated monkeys, a chess AI, a quiz bowl scoring assitant, and more!
- 🌱 I’m currently learning about SQL and NFT's.
- 🎵 I also enjoy playing the piano, graphic designing, and flying my drone.
- ⚡ Fun Fact: I am an early investor in ELONGATE 🚀

<h2>Languages I Use:</h2>
<br>
<div id="banner" style="overflow: hidden;justify-content:space-around;">
  <img height="40" alt="Node.js" title="Node.js" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/nodejs/nodejs.png">
  <img height="40" alt="Java" title="Java" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46038297/127184035-6048a80f-6576-4c01-a90d-8d856a7fd1c4.png">
  <img height="40" alt="Bash" title="Bash" src="https://styles.redditmedia.com/t5_2qh2d/styles/communityIcon_xagsn9nsaih61.png?width=256&s=1e4cf3a17c94aecf9c127cef47bb259162283a38">
  <img height="40" alt="Python" title="Python" src="https://img.icons8.com/color/452/python--v1.png">
  <img height="40" alt="SQL" title="SQL" src="https://static-00.iconduck.com/assets.00/sql-database-generic-icon-380x512-ez505zus.png">
  <img height="40" alt="C++" title="C++" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42747200/46140125-da084900-c26d-11e8-8ea7-c45ae6306309.png">
  <img height="40" alt="Processing" title="Processing" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2e/Processing_3_logo.png">
  <img height="40" alt="Assembly" title="Assembly" src="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/25/a8/5d/25a85d9e5057430d82273a3c75e73014.png">
 </div>
<br><br>

## Tools and Software I Use:
<br>
<div id="banner" style="overflow: hidden;justify-content:space-around;">
  <img height="40" alt="Ubuntu 20.04" title="Ubuntu 20.04" src="https://miro.medium.com/max/512/1*ZLVwDPb9UFXACsXy5LfO9Q.png">
  <img height="40" alt="Android" title="Android" src="https://1000logos.net/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/Android-Logo.png">
  <img height="40" alt="Discord" title="Discord" src="https://cdn4.iconfinder.com/data/icons/logos-and-brands/512/91_Discord_logo_logos-512.png">
  <img height="40" alt="Adobe Illustrator" title="Adobe Illustrator" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/fb/Adobe_Illustrator_CC_icon.svg/1200px-Adobe_Illustrator_CC_icon.svg.png">
    <img height="40" alt="Inkscape" title="Inkscape" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0e/Inkscape_logo_2.svg/1024px-Inkscape_logo_2.svg.png">
  <img height="40" alt="Eclipse" title="Eclipse" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11943860/46922575-7017cf80-cfe1-11e8-845a-0cd198fb546c.png">
  <img height="40" alt="Android Studio" title="Android Studio" src="https://drasite.com/content/img/icons/android-studio.svg">
  <img height="40" alt="Arduino" title="Arduino" src="https://cdn.iconscout.com/icon/free/png-256/arduino-226072.png">
  <img height="40" alt="VS Code" title="VS Code" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dhanishgajjar/vscode-icons/master/png/default_dark.png">
  <img height="40" alt="Raspberry Pi" title="Raspberry Pi" src="https://www.raspberrypi.org/app/uploads/2018/03/RPi-Logo-Reg-SCREEN.png">
  <img height="40" alt="Tensorflow" title="Tensorflow" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/2d/Tensorflow_logo.svg/1200px-Tensorflow_logo.svg.png">
  <img height="40" alt="VEX V5" title="VEX V5" src="https://www.vexrobotics.com/media/wysiwyg/V5Logo.png">
  <img height="40" alt="Lichess" title="Lichess" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6d/Lichess_Logo_2019.png">
  <img height="40" alt="Google" title="Google" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/53/Google_%22G%22_Logo.svg/1200px-Google_%22G%22_Logo.svg.png">
  <img height="30" alt="NPM" title="NPM" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/db/Npm-logo.svg/540px-Npm-logo.svg.png">
  <img height="40" alt="NASM" title="NASM" src="https://akash-nasm-tutorial.netlify.app/img/nasm-logo.png">
  <img height="40" alt="Blender" title="Blender" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0c/Blender_logo_no_text.svg/733px-Blender_logo_no_text.svg.png">
  <img height="40" alt="GitHub Copilot" title="GitHub Copilot" src="https://github.githubassets.com/images/icons/copilot/cp-head-square.png">
  <img height="40" alt="Qovery" title="Qovery" src="https://uploads-ssl.webflow.com/5de176bfd41c9b0a91bbb0a4/611449cdf061506c48ab8ade_qovery_square_new_logo.svg">
  <img height="40" alt="Twitter" title="Twitter" src="https://utilitypeopleuk.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/twitter-icon-circle-blue-logo-preview.png">
  <img height="40" alt="ClickUp" title="ClickUp" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46038297/136852763-8d055d3e-260c-4472-845b-980ac7dd77dd.png">
</div>
<br><br>

## My Stats (Made by [anuraghzra](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)):
<br><br>
<img align="center" height="180" width="450" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=MRegirouard&theme=dark&count_private=true">
<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=MRegirouard&theme=dark&layout=compact">

<a href="https://github.com/MRegirouard/MonkeyMenSite">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=MRegirouard&repo=MonkeyMenSite&theme=dark" />
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/MRegirouard/CountdownBot">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=MRegirouard&repo=CountdownBot&theme=dark" />
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/MRegirouard/AutoBoard-Website">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=MRegirouard&repo=AutoBoard-Website&theme=dark" />
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/MRegirouard/AutoBoard">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=MRegirouard&repo=AutoBoard&theme=dark" />
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/MRegirouard/TippingPoint">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=MRegirouard&repo=TippingPoint&theme=dark" />
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/MRegirouard/OpenSeaScripts">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=MRegirouard&repo=OpenSeaScripts&theme=dark" />
</a>

## My Computer
**OS:** Ubuntu 20.04.2 LTS x86_64 <br>
**Motherboard:** X8DT3 Server Board <br>
**CPU:** 2 \* Intel Xeon X5660 @ 2.80GHz (2 CPUs - 12 Cores - 24 Threads) <br>
**GPU:** NVIDIA GeForce GT 1030 <br>
**RAM:** 10 * 4GB DDR3 1066MHz <br>
**Displays:** GIGABYTE G27Q 27" 144Hz 1440P, HP 24mh FHD 1080p 75Hz <br>
**Storage:** 3 * 1TB HDD, 1 * 2TB HDD, 1 * 480 GB SSD <br>
             480GB RAID 1 Boot, 3 TB RAID 5 Storage, 520 GB Backup

## PGP Keys
View my public key on [keys.openpgp.org](https://keys.openpgp.org/search?q=232214942CB8AA56277B476E7BCDC36DFD11C146), or in the [PGP.pub](https://github.com/MRegirouard/MRegirouard/blob/main/PGP.pub) file in this repository.
